to greater
or documented we have that another place
martens mode for micro and for this mode
We need a lot of sugar cane are going
to get a few and we'll start
with the mode and the web let's say cane
sugar what we see what it does is they to
a poster table and do this
with them they give us ingots we take it
we can also do for you eat
we do this and they give us another one for those of
your home
also if we cover absolutely all
the discard table or doing this we
they will give a cube to add if we have eight
cubes of your home
we do this
and they will give us a porn of their home well if
we take the ingot and we put it
will give four sugar chip we take it well
now we put this here and now or
sticks and paper here eating make four
arrows and they also work with your stick
beige
and the now with schubert and we can not
make armor and our tools
I'll make you see armor
and tools
You see how it says like that the armor would look
and the tools work very well
ok let's place the oven on your table
of the postman to make another poster with
sugarcanes we do this and they will give us
sugar cane dust well now in sugar cane
dust what we do is place it in the
oven and with it we will still get a diamond
good dust
sugar cane that will give us
as it says here is super card that what
we take good now with your brand
what we are going to do is armor and
tools and also for being an ax
of war that is done in this way
Here you are and nothing else we can do
armor
these beige armor are very good and
our tools
as you can see this is the sugar armor
cane and here are the tools of
sugar can the game and this is not a
tool is a hatchet and by
last we can make a potion like that with
these a potion that the truth is that not
we can do nothing more with her yet and
with melon we can make a whole melon
You see I hope you liked this
world that allows us to do more things
with sugar cane and see you in the
installation of the mod
we are in the state of canet sugar
magness mode for minecraft and we have
who uses these two pages in the first
page we downloaded cake were kraft and
princes giving a show we can see
absolutely all the posters of this
do not put doubles we dedicate the
most recent version or the one we wanted
in my case it will be this we give ger and
let's hope we have the double
adapt we are not to the second link
we download mutual double click accept
we passed the two files to the desk
once they are there we are not at home use
from xp you will appear to execute and there it is
we want percent app data percent
now we enter minecraft
we entered a good click kraft right click
April with winner archiver we will be the
folder and the 9 in winner archiver me
tape click delete if we open mutual
we select everything and we pass it to
accept we want to open this
and we do the same thing we select everything and
we pass it to accept and until
we have done this we already have the mod and
been correctly so we just
missing the mic to prove it
the password
dong inc big before
we create a creative world
to see
I want to see more to see if it loads this
but see
red red
come on
if here we are inside
let's see if the objects are here
here are the objects you see here are
all sugar cane indoor and well I hope
that you liked the mod like by
all the buts plus toys and we are not
us and we believe in our next
and let's help we have food as goodbye